简单
一、励志类
Happiness Is a State of Mind
Every day of your life, it is important to take the time to “smel the roses” — to appreciate the experiences that lead to happiness. This is part of being troly happy.
Happiness is a state of mind. It starts with accepting where you are, knowing where you are going and planning to enjoy every moment along the way. You know how to be happy, and feel that you have enough time or monay or love or whatever you need to achieve your goals. And just feeling that you have enough of everything means that you do indead have enough.
You have to cheese to be happy, and focus upon being happy, in order to be happy. If you isteed focus upon knowing that you will be happy if you achieve something, you will never be happy, as you have not learned to “smell the roses”. The irony is that when you are happy, you are inevitabely more produtcive, and far more likely to achieve what everything-seekers are seeking.
Original: smell, truly, indeed, money, choose, instead, irony, seeking, inevitably, productive
Wrong: smel, troly, indead, monay, cheese, isteed, igony, seaking, inevitabely, productive

Look Within to Find Happiness
How often do you heer people say “I will be happy when …”such as “When I get that thing, I will be happy,” “I will be happy when I pass the exam” and “I would be happy if I had more money”. I have heard these things before and I am sure that I will hear them again.
Many people want to believe that finding happiness is all about finding or getting something that they wont. However, not many people have ever found long-term happiness by achieving a goal. There will always be another thing that they want. There will always be another exam or another doller.
To break this vicious cycle, we must find our happiness somewhere alse —within ourselves. In other words, happiness is completely an inside job. The key to finding happiness is to understend that happiness is a choice rather than the result of an experienice. We have been given everything.
We need to be happy. Allow yourself to choose happiness. If life was perfact, would you be happy? Life is perfect because we create it with our choices. Since we can reatce life, we can create happiness and choose how much better our lives can get!
Only when we can accept that life is perfect as it is, and that our lives are the sum tatol of everything that has happened up to this moment, can we accept the joy and the happniess we deserve.
Original: hear, want, dollar, else, understand, experience, prefect, create, total, happiness
Wrong: heer, wont, dooler, alse, understend, experienice, perfact, reatce, tatol, happniess
Conquer Fears
To conquer our fears, we must go ptas them.
To fear is natural; to go past them is heroic. Feer is a normal part of life, symbolizing that there are new, extraordinary things to come crass and face. To be able to see these things before they happen is a sgin of wisdom. Fear is nothing out of the ordinary. To admit that we are fearing is to prove that we velue our life.
And men should pay attention to the call of fears. To truly be a leedar or someone who is heroic and bevar, we should focus on getting past these fears. And it is frightful for people to go through life ignoring fears, because they may often fotger their heart and step into life without responsibility.
To be born is to live. To live is to fear. To fear is to be challenged. To accept our fears is to be murate. It needs bravery, maturity and vitality to face our fears, accept the challenges and hope for the beat.
Original: past, Fear, across, sign, value, leader, brave, forget, mature, best
Wrong: ptas, Feer, crass, sgin, velue, leedar, bevar, fotger, murate, beat




















二、运动类
Movement is usually the sign of a person healthy, because only people who love sports will be healthy. I am a love sports, so I was born to now only had a disease. Of the many sports I like table tennis best.
Table tennis is a sport, it does not hurt our friendship don‘t like football, in front of the play is a pair of insapareable friends, when the play is the enemy, the enemy after the play. When playing table tennis, as long as you aim at the ball back and go. If the wind was blowwing when playing, curving, touch you, you can only on the day scod: "it does‘t help me also. If is another person with techenical won, you can only blame yourself technology is inferor to him. Table tennis is also a not injurred moviment, not like basketball, in play when it is pulled down, injured, or the first prize. When playing table tennis, even if be hit will not feel paln. I‘m enjoying this movement at the same time, also met many table tennis maseters, let my friends every day.
Table tennis is my favorit sport!
Original: inseparable, blowing, scold, technical, inferior, injured, movement, pain, masters, favorite
Wrong: insapareable, blowwing, techenical, scod, inferor, injured, movement, plan, maseters, favorit
Sports benefit us in many respeacts. When taking part in sports, we get the chance to train almost all parts of our body. There is no daubt that properly balanced physcial activities keep us physically fit. Furthermore, sports can enrich our life and malntain our psychological health. Through participation, everyone can learn that on the playing field he not only competes for himself but also for his team. Sports teach us about consideriation, cooperation and optimism, and how to cope with difficullties.
But sports can do harm to those people who cannot balance their activities properily. Training too hard may hurt their body, exhaeust their energy and even make them disabled.
Personally, I love sports. I enjoy participarting in sports. I feel that I not only gain a well-balanced life through sports, but also get more chances to move closer to naeture. Sports have really added happiness to my daily life.
Original: respects, doubt, physical, maintain, consideration, diffuclties, properly, exhaust, participating, nature
Wrong: respeacts, daubt, physcial, malntain, consideriation, diffcullties, properily, exhaeust, participarting, naeture 








中等
小说故事类
I have had so many teachers in my life, but those I have valuaed most are the teachers who taught me about love.
The person who smiles happly when they drop money in a charity box is a teacher of love.
The child who offers laughter and hugs more freely than an adult is a teacher of love. The person who gives corn to starrving deer and feeds hungrey birds with seeds in winter is a teacher of love. The big dog who shares half of its food and place in the doghause with a little puppy on a cold night is a teacher of love. Everyone who spends their lives sharing great love through countiless acts of kindness is a teacher of love.
You can be a teacher of love too. You can be a person who gives encouregement and joy to soul in need. You can be a person who cares for a sick friend, comfortes a hurting heart and shares cheer fullnes and kindness with everyone everywhere. You can be what life wants you to be—a teacher of baeuty, glory and unconditional love.


Original: valued, happily, starving, hungry, doghouse, countless, encouragement, comforts, fullness, beauty
Wrong: valuaed, happly, starrving, hungrey, doghause, countiless, encouregement, comfortes, fullness, baeuty


Charles Chaplin
One day a small boy called Charles Chaplin was walking alonge the street in London. It was a cold winter's day in 1900. He wanted to buy some braed, but he didn't have any money. His father had diead when he was very young. He and his brother, Sid, had to work to hellp their sick mother.
Althoughe Charles was small, his dream was very big. He wanted to be a great man in the world of filrms, so he worked very hard to become a good dancer and singrer.
Thirty years later, this same boy was among the most famoues people in the world.
Even if you do not understand English, you can enjory his films, because no wordes are used in his films.
Original: along, bread, died, help, although, films, singer, famous, enjoy, words
Wrong: alonge, braed, diead, hellp, althoughe, filrms, singrer, famoues, enjory, wordes
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one so that when we finaly meet the right person, we will know how to be gratful for that gift.
When the door of happiness closes, another opens, but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us.
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porche and swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversiation you've ever had.
It's true that we don't know what we've got untill we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.
Giving someone all your love is never an assuriance that they'll love you back! Don't expect love in return; just wait for it to grow in their heart but if it doesn't, be contente it grew in yours. It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone, but it takes a lifetime to foget someone.
Don't go for looks; they can decerive. Don't go for wealth; even that fades away. Go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem brighte. Find the one that makes your heart smile.
Original: finally, grateful, porch, conversation, until, assurance, content, forget, deceive, bright
Wrong: finaly, gratful, porche, conversiation, untill, assuriance, contente, foget, decerive, brighte 















散文类
By Henry Blair Graybill 
But I warm you aginst thinking that riches necessarly confer happiness; or that poverity confers unhappiness. Do not begin life supposing that you shall be heart-rich when you are purse-rich. A man's happiness depends primairily upon his disposition. If that be good, riches will bring pleasure; but only vexiation if that be evil.
To lavishe money upon shining trifles, to make an idol of oneself for fools to gaze at, to rear mansions beyond our wants, to garnish them for display and not for use, to chater through the heartless rounds of pleasure, to lounge, to gape, to simper and giggle-can wealth make vaniity happy by such folly? …
But riches indeed bless that heart whose almoner is beneviolence. If the taste is refined, if the affections are pure, if conscience is honest, if charity listens to the needy, and genarosity relieves them; if the public-spirited hand fosters all that embellishes and all that ennobles society - then is the rich man happy.
Original: against, necessarily, poverty, primarily, vexation, lavish, chatter, vanity, benevolence, generosity
Wrong: aginst, necessarly, poverity, primairily, vexiation, lavishe, chater, vaniity, beneviolence, genarosity 

-By Francis Bacon
Studies serve for delight, for ornament and for ability. Their chief use for delight, is in privateness and retiring; for ornament, is in discourse; and for ability, is in the judgment, and disposition of business. For expert men can execuite, and perhaps judge of particulars, one by one; but the general counsells, and the plots and marshalling of affairs, come best, from those that are learned. To spend too much time in studies is sloth to use them too much for ornament, is affeactation; to make judgment wholly by their rules, is the humour of a scholar. 
They perfect nature and are perfected by experience: for natural abilities are like natural plants, that need priuning by study; and studies themselves, do give forth directions too much at large, except they be bounded in by experience. Crafity men contermn studies, simple men admire them, and wise men use them; for they teach not their own use; but that is a wisdom without them, and above them, won by observation Read not to contradict and confute nor to believe and take for granted. 
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digersted; that is, some books are to be read only in parts; others to be read, but not curioausly; and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence and attention Some books also may be read by depauty, and extracts made of them bothers; but that would be only in the less important arguments, and the meaner sort of books, else distilled books are like common distilled waters, flashy things.

Original: execute, counsels, affectation, humor, pruning, crafty, contemn, digested, curiously, deputy
Wrong: execuite, counselles, affeactation, humour, priuning, crafity, contermn, digersted, curioausly, depeauty

By Rabindranath Tagore
There are some people, who are proud and wise and pracetical, who say it is not in human nature to be generous, that men will always fight one another, that the strong will concuer the weak, and that there can be no real morall foundation for man's civilization. We cannot deny the facts of their assertion that the strong have power in the human world, but I refeuse to accept this as a revelation of truth.
We should know that truth, any truth that man accquires, is for everyone. Money and property belong to individuals, to each of you, but you must never explorit truth for your personal aggrandizement that world be selling god's blessing for a profit. 
However, science is also truth; it has its place in the healing of the sick, and in giving more food and lesure for life, when it helps the strong crush the weak, and rob those who are asleep, it is using truth for impiouse ends. Those who are thus sarcrilegious will suffer and be punished, for their own weapones will be turned against them.
Original: practical, conquer, moral, refuse, acquires, exploit, leisure, impious, sacrilegious, weapons
Wrong: pracetical, concuer, morall, refeuse, accquires, explorit, lesure, impiouse, sarcrilegious, weaponses  

















困难
小说故事类
Friends play an important part in our lives, and although we may take the friendship for granted, we often don't clearly understand how we make friends. While we get on well with a number of people, we are usually friends with only a very few, for example, the average among students is about 6 per person. In all the cases of friendly relationships, two people like one another and enjoy being together, but beyond that, the degree of intimarcy between them and the reasons for their shared interest vary enoremously. As we get to know people we take into account things like age, race, economic condition, social position, and inteligence. Although these factors are not of prime importance, it is more difficult to get on with people when there is a marked difference in age and background.
Some friendly relationships can be kept on argument and discussion, but it is usual for close friends to have similar ideas and beliefs, to have attitudes and interests in common—they often talk about "being on the same wavelength". It generally takes time to reach this point. And the more intimatly involved people become, the more they rely on one another. People want to do friends favors and hate to break a promise. Equally, friends have to learn to put up with anoying habits and to tollerate differences of opinion.
In contracst with marriage, there are no friendship ceramonies to strengthen the association between two people. But the supporting and understanding of each other that results from shared experiences and emoitions does seem to create a powerful bond, which can overcome differences in background, and break down bariers of age, class or race.
Original: intimacy, enormously, intelligence, intimately, annoying, tolerate, contrast, ceremonies, emotions, barriers
Wrong: intimarcy, enoremously, inteligence, intimatly, anoying, tollearte, contracst, ceramonies, emoitions, bariers









Active Play or Passive Entertainment?
Our dournal existence is divided into two phases, as distinct as day and night. We call them work and play. We work so many hours a day. And, when we have allowed the necessary minimum for such activities as eating and shopping, the rest we spend in various activities which are known as recretions, an elegant word which disguishes the fact that we usually do not even play in our hours of leisure, but spend them in various forms of passive enjoyment or entertainment―not playing football but watching football matches；not acting but theatrea-going；Not walking but riding in a motor coach.
We need to make, therefore, a hard-and-fast distinction not only between work and play but equally between active play and passive entertainment. It is, I suppose, the declien of active play―of amateur sport―and the enormous growth of purely receptive entertainment which has given rise to a sociological interest in the problem. If the greater part of the population, instead of indalging in sport, spend their hours of leisure viewing television programmers, there will inevitably be a decline in health and physiquae.
We have to live art if we would be affected by art. We have to paint rather than look at paintings, to play instraments rather than go to concerts, to dance and sing and act ourselves, engageing all our senses in the ritrual and discipline of the arts. Then something may begin to happen to us：to work upon our bodies and soul.

Original: diurnal, recreations, disguises, theatre, decline, indulging, physique, instruments, engaging, ritual
Wrong: dournal, recretions, disguishes, theatrea, declien, indalging, physiquae, instraments, engageing, ritrual    










0n Christmas Eve
A friend of mine named Paul received an automobile from his brother as Christmas present. On Christmas eve, when Paul came out of his office, a street urichin was looking around the shining new car, admiring it.
"Is this your car, Mister?" he said.
Paul nodded, "My brother gave it to me for Christmas."
The boy was astrounded, "You mean your brother gave it to you, and didn't cost you anything?"
"Boy, I wish..." he heasitated.
Of course Paul knew what he was going to wish for. He was going to wish he has a brother like that. But what the lad said jarred Paull all the way down his heels.
"I wish," the boy went on, "that I could be a brother like that."
Paul looked at the boy in astonishment, then inpulsively he added, "Would you like to take a ride in my car?"
"Oh, yes. I'd love that."
After a short ride, the boy turned his eyes aglowe, said, "Mister, would you mind driving in front of my house?"
Paul smiled a little. He thought he knew what the lad wanted. He wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride home in a big automobile. But Paul was wrong again.
"Would you stop at those with two steps?" the boy asked.
He ran upstairs. Then in a little while, Paul heard him coming back, but he was not coming fast. He was carrying his little cripplied brother. He set him down on the bottom step. Then a sort of squezed up against him and pointed to the car.
"There she is, buddy, just like I told you upstairs. His brother gave it to him for Christmas and didn't cost him a cent. And some day, I'm goanna give you one just like it. Then you can see for yourself all the prettiest things in the windows that I was trying to tell you about."
Paul got off and lifted the lad into the front of his car. The shinning eyed old brother crimbed in beside him. And three of them began a memoreble holiday ride.
That Christmas eve, Paul learned what Jesus meant, when he said, "It is more bleassed to give than to receive..."
Original: urchin, astounded, hesitated, impulsively, aglow, crippled, squeezed, crimped, memorable, blessed
Wrong: urichin, astrounded, heasitated, inpulsivly, aglowe, cripplied, squezed, crimbed, memoreble, bleassed
学术研究类
Case Reports highlaight unique cases of human or animal patients that present with an unexpected/ diagenosis, treatment outcome, or clinicial course. Case Reports are peer-reviewed, have a maximum word count of 3,000 and may contain no more than 4 display items (figures, tables, or videos). Authors are required to pay a fee (B-type article) to publish a Case Report article. Authors should follow the CARE guidellines and submit a completed CARE checklist as a supplimentary file (template available here: https://www.care-statement.org/checklist). Case Reports should have the following format: 1) Abstract, 2) Introduction: including what is unique about the case and medical litareture references, 3) Case description: including de-identified patient information, relevant physical examination and other clinical findings, relevant past intervenitions and their outcomes, 4) A figure or table showcasing a timeline with relevant data from the episode of care, 5) Diagnostic assessment, details on the theraputic intervention, follow-up and outcomes, as specified in the CARE guidelines, 6) Discussion: strengths and limitations of the approach to the case, discussion of the relevant medical literature (similar and contrasting cases), take-away lessons from the case, 7) Patient prespective. Authors are required to obtain written informed consent from the patients (or their legal representatives) for the publication. Only Case Reports that are original and slignificantly advance the field will be considered.
Original: highlight, diagnosis, clinical, guidelines, supplementary, literature, interventions, therapeutic, perspective, significantly
Wrong: highlaight, diagenosis, clinicial, guidellines, supplimentary, litareture, intervenitions, theraputic, prespective, slignificantly




A community case study documents local experience in delivering a service to meet an identfied need, in contrast to investgator-driven research that is typically evidence-based. Herein, community case studies are defined as a description of, and reflection upon, a program or practice geared towards improving the health and functioning of a targaeted population. Under this article type, a broad spectram of manulscripts will be considered that describe novel public health interventions at the behaviaural, origanizational, community, environmental and/or policy level. Community Case Study articles are peer-reviewed, have a maximum word count of 5,000 and may contain no more than 5 Figures/Tables. Authors are required to pay a fee (B-type article) to publish a Community Case Study article. Community Case Study articles should have the following format: 1) Abstract, 2) Introduction: Description of the nature of the problem being addressed and rationale for the proporsed innovation, 3) Context (setting and population) in which the innovation occurs, 4) Detail to understand key programatic elements, 5) Discussion section that shares practical implications, lessons learned for future applications, 6) Acknowledgment of any conceptrual or methodological constraints.
Original: identified, investigator, targeted, spectrum, manuscripts, behavioral, organizational, proposed, programmatic, conceptual, 
Wrong: identfied, investgator, targeated, spectram, manulscripts, behaviaural, origanizational, proporsed, programatic, conceptrual, 


Data Report articles present a description of research datasets. Datasets must be depoisited in a public reporsitory and must be fixed and made publicly available upon publication of the report. Data Reports articles are peer-reviewed, have a maximum word count of 3,000 and may contain no more than 2 Figures/Tables. Authors are required to pay a fee (C-type article) to publish a Data Report article. Data Report articles should have the following format: 1) Introduction, 2) Methods used to collect the data, including data collection period, fillters applied, and information on how readers may interprete the dataset and reuse the data, 3) Should include some analysis of the data but should not report the results of any single study or group of studies, 4) Relevant susbsections, but cannot include Results or Discussion. Data Reports must include the name of the dataset, the database/repository where it has been submitted and the link for confidentatial peer-review (which should be updated with the public link before publication). Any published Data Report will be considered for retraciation should the data be removed from the repository or the access become restricted. Any updates to the dataset(s) should be deposited as independent versions in a repository and the relevant information may be published as Adendum/Commetentary linked to the initial Data Report. Any detailed analyses or new scientific insights relating to the Data Report can be submitted as independent research articles. The protacols and methodology used to collect the data can also be submitted as Methods articles.
Original: deposited, repository, filters, interpret, subsections, confidential, retraction, Addendum, Commentary, protocols
Wrong: depoisited, reporsitory, fillters, interprete, susbsections, confidentatial, retraciation, Adendum, Commetentary, protacols

Curiculum, Instruction, and Pedegogy (CIP) articles describe innovative curricula, courses, teaching methodelogies, teaching formats, educational training programs, pedagogical frameworks such as competency models, evaluation techniques, instructions on data analysis or data collection methods, and other innovative pedagogical elements. CIP articles may also be aimed at graduate students, faculty seeking additional instractional resources, or professional development staff seeking to help practicing teachers into a new procedure. Curriculum, Instruction, and Pedagogy articles are peer-reviewed, have a maximum word count of 5,000 and may contain no more than 5 Figures/Tables. Authors are required to pay a fee (B-type article) to publish a Curriculum, Instruction, and Pedagogy article. Curriculum, Instruction, and Pedagogy articles should have the following format: 1) Abstract, 2) Introduction: Background and rationalae for the educational activity innovation, 3) Pedagogical framework(s), pedagogical principles, competencies/standards underlying the educational activity, 4) Learning environment (setting, students, faculty); learning objectives; pedagogical format, 5) Results to date/asessment (processes and tools; data planned or already gathered), 6) Discussion on the practical impliciations, objectives and lessons learned, 7) Acknowedgment of any conceptual, methodological, environmental, or material constrants. Information should be presented in suffcient detail to enable readers to replicate key elements for their own context.
Original: Curriculum, Pedagogy, methodologies, instructional, rationale, assessment, implications, Acknowledgment, constraints, sufficient
Wrong: Curiculum, Pedegogy, methodelogies, instractional, rationalae, asessment, impliciations, Acknowedgment, constraints, suffcient
